>> Bianca Gandolfo: So Queues,
pretty similar stacks except kind of like
the name suggest,
is kind of like a queue or a line.
People are talking about Ideli a lot when
they talk about this for whatever reason.
Everyone's like a queue is like a line for
the deli.
You know, the first person in line is
the first person to get their sandwich.
We call this FIFO.
I don't like these abbreviations,
but you'll see them a lot.
LIFO, LEFO, FIFO.
LIFO is last in, first out and
FIFO is first in first out.
So, they, like, super confused me.
So I even just avoid even saying them,
but I have them here for
your reference because you'll see them.
So when we add an item into our queue,
we call it enqueuing.
We take them off and call it dequeuing.
You'll see, push, pop, enqueue,
dequeue, things like these.
They'll be called different
names in different languages.
But in general,
we'll call them this in this class.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, so
here, is our little line, so
we're gonna go myQueue.enque(1).
We're gonna add that value, so
you have a little man, he has a one.
And then two,
this person becomes behind that person.
We just dequeued them.
So we just put a red, so they're gone.
So we're gonna enque,
enque and then deque, yeah?
One more time for good measure,
enque one, enque, deque, one is gone.
Enque, enque Deque, two is gone.
So whenever we take anything off,
you can only take from the front.
And when you put anything on,
you can only put it on the back.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, we're good?
Okay, awesome, here's our diagram.
I don't know if you guys remember a time
when these pop-up windows didn't have
a little checkbox,
say prevent more pop-ups.
Then you'd get trolled into these stupid
websites where you're just like in this
pop-up hell.
You know what I'm talking about?
So, the underlying data
structure of that is a queue.
And you can see, this is a pop-up handler
queue as pop-ups rain Javascript,
you just say alert, alert, alert, right?
Loop times one bajlion.
At least that's what it feels like.
You enqueue on the back,
and you pop from the top.
So as you hit OK,
it's gonna take off the front.
Okay, okay, okay, so
that is our queue in action, yeah?
People remember that, right?
Okay, good, cool.
So that's our queue.
What's our interface?
We have our storage.
We enqueue, dequeue, we can also do size.
Also lots of methods
where I can go on this.
But these are just the standard ones.
So whatever you wanna do with your queue.
Like maybe you wanna make it sparkly.
Maybe you wanna make it dance.
Whatever it is,
you can do it to your queue.
Just a rule of a queue is that
the enqueue and the dequeue,
that's a core definition of the queue.
Whatever else you're gonna do with it,
great.
As we are queue make things,
you know, I don't know, who knows?
You are the master of your queue and
your stacks and everything else, great.
So this is our interface [COUGH].
I'm not gonna make you do any string,
don't worry.
And I'm not gonna pseudo code it for
you yet.